---
layout: page
title: About MoMo
permalink: '/about/'
image: assets/images/lisbon.jpg
---

The Modeling Mobility Conference continues the legacy of previous notable transportation planning and modeling events, now serving as the premier forum for professionals working with travel models, transportation data, and quantitative analysis. This conference emphasizes advancing analytical support for real-world transportation decisions and fostering a strong community through interactive workshops, sessions, and networking opportunities.

These conference themes may appear familiar to many of you who have participated in past biannual conferences in our profession. Unfortunately, sponsorship of those conferences is no longer guaranteed, and definitely not guaranteed on a regular, re-occurring basis. Given the importance of the opportunities to network and learn that conferences play in our community, a few of us ‘previous conference volunteers’ sought out a sponsoring agency that could commit long-term to supporting these invaluable events. We couldn’t have found a better fit than with the Zephyr Foundation, which has graciously agreed to take on the financial and legal risks and responsibilities for putting on a conference. Even better, the Zephyr mission encapsulates everything we value in a conference with our colleagues!

In addition to Zephyr, we are also fortunate to partner with the University of Minnesota’s Center for Transportation Studies to cohost the first Modeling Mobility Conference. This partnership is invaluable for CTS’s experience with prior conference planning AND providing a beautiful venue that fits our conference needs at an incredible cost-savings.

The all-volunteer MoMo planning committee as well as Zephyr Board of Directors are dedicated to transparency. A goal of MoMo is to keep registration costs as low as possible….conferences can be really expensive! Though there may be some revenue generated by MoMo depending on total registrations and third-party sponsorships, the goal is to ensure that revenues be used to support future conferences, including keeping costs down and providing scholarship opportunities for attendees. This is a long-term effort to provide the premier networking and information sharing forum for our community!

With that in mind, please join us on September 14-17, 2025, in Minneapolis, Minnesota for the first (of many) Modeling Mobility Conferences. We welcome all public and private sector practitioners, researchers, students, and all involved in developing, analyzing, and applying transportation data and tools to connect, learn, share, and build lasting professional relationships.

Sincerely,

MoMo 2025 Conference Planning Committee

### Conference Chairs

#### Logistics

Peter Bosa, Portland Metro
Joe Castiglione, SFCTA

#### Program

- Michelle Bina, WSP
- Marty Milkovits, Boston Region MPO

### Sponsor / Host Liaisons

#### Zephyr Foundation

- Sijia Wang, WSP

#### University of Minnesota Center for Transportation Studies

- James DeSota, University of Minnesota
- Samantha Hahn-Douville, University of Minnesota
- Chelsea Arbury Prorok, University of Minnesota

#### Local Hosts

- Johnathan Ehrlich, MetCouncil
- Alireza Khani, University of Minnesota

#### Exhibitor / Sponsor Coordinator

- Zeina Wafa, Cambridge Systematics

### Program Planning Committee

#### Abstract Review Coordination

- Suzanne Childress, PSRC
- Brian Lee, PSRC

#### Track Leads

- Kevin Hall, TTI
- Leta Huntsinger, WSP
- Krishnan Viswanathan, WRA

#### Workshop Coordinator

- Bill Hereth, WFRC

#### AICP Coordinator

- Raj Roy, MORPC

#### Additional Support

- Alex Bettinardi, Oregon DOT
- Elizabeth Sall, Urban Labs

### Communications and Visuals

#### Communications

- Like Liu, Kittleson

#### Graphic Design and Branding

- Bobby Wertman, RSG

#### Website / Conference App Support

- Andrew Rohne, RSG
- Billy Charlton, TU Berlin
